\title{Welcome to Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services}

\author{Sandeep Khandelwal}
\affiliation{%
  \institution{Indiana University}
  \city{Bloomington} 
  \state{IN} 
  \postcode{47408}
  \country{USA}
}
\email{skhande@iu.edu}

% The default list of authors is too long for headers}
\renewcommand{\shortauthors}{S. Khandelwal}

\begin{abstract}
	
In today's world data has different format (structured data,
semi-structured and unstructured data), high volume (data size is upto
hundreds of terabytes) and high velocity (amount of data getting
generated per second is too huge). Also, There is massive amount of
on-premise and cloud-based data.  Every organization has a necessity
to integrate such kind of data between on-premise and cloud-based
systems for synchronization, replication or building warehouse for
analysis and reporting purpose. Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services
(IICS)~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} provide complete suite of integration
for such kind of diverse and unique requirement.

\end{abstract}

\keywords{hid-sp18-511, IICS, Informatica, ETL, Data Integration}


\maketitle


\section{Introduction}

Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services is built on micro service
architecture and provide capability of data integration between
cloud-based and on-premise systems. Informatica Intelligent Clod
Services IICS~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} provide integration capability
in four areas mainly Integration Cloud, Data Quality and Governance
Cloud, Master Data Management Cloud, and Data Security Cloud.

\section{Integration Cloud}

Integration Cloud~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} product provide easy to use
framework for developing data integration engine between on-premise
and cloud-based systems. It has high performance data transformations
to massage the data in desired format. It has push-down optimization
capability to move the data processing logic to database itself
instead of retrieving the data and performing the operations.It has
connectivity with cloud based databases like Amazon
Redshift~\cite{hid-sp18-511-aws-redshift}, Microsoft Azure SQL Data
Warehouse~\cite{hid-sp18-511-ms-azure-sql}, Google
BigQuery~\cite{hid-sp18-511-google-bigquery}, and
Snowflake~\cite{hid-sp18-511-snowflake}.

Integration Cloud has the capability integrate the cloud based system
Salesforce~\cite{hid-sp18-511-salesforce} with on-premise systems in
real time using RESTfuls APIs.

\section{Data Quality and Governance Cloud}

With the massive amount of data available in today's world it is very
important that we have the clean and quality data. Information can be
retrieved and analysis could be performed only if we have the good
quality data with we could rely upon and trust. Data Quality and
Governance Cloud~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} product provide tools to
visualize the data quality issues present in the data and fix them. It
also provide tools to verify and correct the common data related
issues like update the address of people and organization based on the
available address database, update the email addresses based on the
common email address rules etc.

\section{Master Data Management Cloud}
Master Data Management Cloud~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} provide 360 view
of customer data by consolidating the customer data from different
systems

\section{Data Security Cloud}
Testing is a need of validating the application. However, providing
live data for testing is a risk and secure data could be
compromised. There is a real need to provide the look like real data
without compromising it. Data Security Cloud\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics}
provide data tool to mask the data before sharing it with anyone which
will convert the data without loosing the shape of the data

In Figure~\ref{f:iics-products}\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics} see the
product of Informatica Integration Cloud Services
(IICS)~\cite{hid-sp18-511-iics}.


\begin{figure}[!ht]
	\centering\includegraphics[width=\columnwidth]{images/IICS-0.jpg}
	\caption{IICS Products}\label{f:iics-products}
\end{figure}

\begin{acks}

The author would like to thank Dr.~Gregor~von~Laszewski for his
support and suggestions to write this paper.

\end{acks}

\bibliographystyle{ACM-Reference-Format}
\bibliography{report} 
